feat(bootstrap): customizable bootstrap template (#9886)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/aws-cdk/README.md

$ cdk bootstrap --app='node bin/main.js' foo bar
```

By default, bootstrap stack will be protected from stack termination. This can be disabled using
`--termination-protection` argument.

> Your company may require specific tweaks to the bootstrapping template. You can customize the template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have specific needs, policies, or requirements not met by the default template, you can customize it
```
